[Music]
what if all the decisions you had to
make in a day were determined by
strangers well today we thought we'd do
just that by letting our Instagram
followers make our decisions for us
through polls and live streams for 24
hours
whatever the vote is within 5 minutes is
the decision we have to make we'll be
letting go of control and going through
our day having no idea what our next
decision might be so we're hoping that
you'll take us as far and on as many
crazy adventures as possible
first question should Thomas take a
shower today please let me shower
alright first one is that meat sauce
just regular toast see what they say
people voted we're gonna go live on
Instagram and we're gonna pick one
person we're gonna ask whether we should
ever rooster walk the metro station oh
here we go they all right
nice one should we stay here we go to
Paris I hope nobody tells us mistake is
there's absolutely nothing to do here
surely four percent voted for Paris so I
guess we're going to City for Paris next
choices which direction from two one or
Metro six also don't ever stops or to
pick between five and ten stops metro
six 78% one six sixty one percent of
them want us to go ten stops alright
where to now step it up tattoos and
piercings we're gonna have people decide
whether I should get a piercing or
whether Thomas should get a tattoo time
to vote my mom of course it's the tattoo
why did I agree this is not an equal was
this three more minutes
was it tattoos who thought it was gonna
be something else
61% then I get like the wave or
something
[Music]
we're gonna Pearson what I'll do it
I think they should pick which one it is
either gonna be right on one of those
regular ones or a circle I hope that
they're picking the circle definitely
don't want that one
[Music]
possibly do worse than this I think I
have an idea yes
training right now we gotta hear we're
trying to get out of the city and then
we're gonna ask people if they'd rather
us take a plane or train
so we'll see what they say Mota's even
people want us to take a plane so it
looks like we're heading out of Paris be
a place we're gonna let our audience
decide if we're going north or south
tonight dude it's optimal five minutes
53 percent are saying going north this
game isn't playing Thomas is rather the
pelvis is expected himself cheapest
north is Ireland
good night leaves in three hours
when's at 11:30 at night we know nobody
in Dublin we're gonna do right after we
book the tickets you realize at the
airport that we booked them at is an
hour and a half outside of Paris so the
flight leaves in two and a half hours we
have to take an airport shuttle make it
to this Airport and hop on a flight in
time
to make it on top of that we don't know
anybody w it's pouring outside swear I'm
very infectious our lives right now
depend on these shuttles operating great
ago there's a shuttle otherwise filming
in this fight
the finish I'm assassinated with every
piece apart recently 2006
we are dropping you money on this taking
an hour and a half Jimmy the most
expensive cat we were taken before all
right guys we're literally on our way to
the airport but last-minute tickets and
now we want one of you to take control
of our evening so and one of you lived
in Dublin wants to come pick us up at
the airport send us in DM right now or
we'll communicate back and forth
works like a cigar boarding passes we
have one Instagram follower that's
picking us up and one that's hosting us
tonight with her family and tomorrow
with another one who's gonna stick us
around Ireland the whole day so three
Instagram followers just taking our fate
in their hands in real life let's go
[Music]
growing up at this random girls house
she's just home with her family she's
like we love you guys thank you so much
the weirdest thing I've ever done in my
life your friends start you were insane
oh just do it you know that kind of oh
my god Matt where you sleeping you all
right and I'll just thank you so much if
anyone told this would be Ireland on the
couch right here I would never bleed it
I have a frickin tattoo right guys
[Music]
would their mom made us a full breakfast
with pigs you just stay here to jump in
the freezing cold I received this but it
feels like minus two are using already
in the sea than it is here up we're
gonna be wet and freezing yeah oh great
[Music]
twenty-four hours ago we had no idea
would be waking up the next day in
Dublin but after hundreds of miles
traveled and a bunch of new friends made
we were more excited than ever to try
this experiment again in other parts of
the world we were blown away by how
engaged you guys were in leading our
adventure because there's nothing we
enjoy more than connecting with the
people who watch our videos and share
the same outlook on life
we do and who knows maybe next time
we'll be in a city near you we're
definitely gonna be traveling a lot more
this year and plan on doing this in
every single new city we visit so make
sure you follow us on Instagram at yes
theory to be part of the adventure
we'll see you on Tuesday
[Music]